>> Brian Holt: We're gonna talk
about NPM Scripts for just a second.
A lot of times when you're having
build tools or testing or linting or
any one of these, like we have to run
these long commands to get them to work.
It's really tough to remember
those off the top of your head,
at least it is for me.
Like when we run our testing suite at
Netflix, you have to run it with ten
different flags to get it to work just the
way that you're expecting it to work, and
that's really hard to remember.
So NPM includes this thing called scripts
that you can put in your package.json.
That basically says like, here's a short
list of commands that you don't have to
remember, you just have to remember what
it's called and I'll run this for you.
With some other extra magic.
But that's a good basic description of it.
So, in our particular case,
we want it to say, every time we say, hey,
run our linter.
>> Brian Holt: Then I
want you to just run standard.
And you can basically think of
whatever in the second part is just
going to be piped into bash for
you, or whatever your shell
is.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So if I save that.
>> Brian Holt: And
I go to my command line, and
I say npm run lint.
Now this is just gonna say, hey I'm gonna
just run standard cuz that's what you told
me to do when you say run lint.
So this is just a really easy thing to
remember your particular projects,
nuances.
Standard's not super
useful because obviously,
it's easier to remember standard.
But as we get more and more complicated
build commands, this will be very useful
very quickly.
>> Brian Holt: So
my kind of caveat I'll give you here.
A lot of people try to replace Grunt and
Gulp with their NPM scripts.
I don't necessarily suggest that.
>> Brian Holt: If you have a big,
complicated build process with Gulp or
with Grunt or anything like that,
trying to replicate that inside
of NPM scripts is kind of a pain.
Our builds are gonna be fairly simple.
So we can get away with
getting NPM scripts.
But as soon as you find yourself
like rebuilding Grunt using Bash,
you've gone too far.
[LAUGH] Like, build a Grunt file or
a Gulp file or
whatever build process
you find that you like.
And then go from there.
But until that point, NPM scripts works.
But there is a place for Gulp and Grunt
these days, those are still useful tools.